Adding a FAQs for upcoming account changes (#2535)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/delete-users.md

---
title: How do I delete a user in dbt Cloud?
description: "Deleting a user in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to delete a user'
id: delete-users

---

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a sentence intro?

Author: Absolutely!

> 1. From the cloud console, navigate to the settings icon and select **Account Settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From  dbt cloud, click the gear icon and select **Account Settings**.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

> 2. From the left side menu, expand **Teams** and select **Users**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left menu, click **Teams** and select **Users**.
```

> 3. Select the user you would like to delete, then select **Edit** at the bottom of the information pane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the user you want to delete, then click **Edit**. 
```

> 4. Choose the **Delete** option and then confirm the action to complete the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Delete** in the bottom left, and click **Confirm Delete** to complete the action.
```

>  * Note that there will be no account password prompt and the user will be deleted immediately after confirmation. Once you delete a user, this action cannot be undone. However, you can re-invite a user with the same information if the deletion was in error. 

Reviewer: Can we make this an actual note? Also suggesting some edits.

```suggestion

::: info Note

The user will be deleted immediately after confirmation without additional password prompts. Once you delete a user, this action cannot be undone. However, you can re-invite a user with the same information if the deletion was in error. 

:::
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/delete_user_20221023.gif" title="Delete users" />

> If you are delting users to reduce the number of billable seats in your environment, and you are on a `Teams` plan, you will need to take additional steps. In the **Account Settings** pane, select the **Billing** option. Enter the desired number of developer seats and select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on a Teams plan and you are deleting users to reduce the number of billable seats, you also need to take these steps:
1. In the Account Settings pane, click **Billing**. 
2. Type the number of developer seats you want and click **Save**.
```

---
title: How do I delete a user in dbt Cloud?
description: "Deleting a user in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to delete a user'
id: delete-users

---

> This article outlines the steps for deleting a user in dbt Cloud. If the user has a 'developer' license type, this will open up their seat for another user or allow the admins to lower the total number of seats. You must be an account owner or admin to perform these actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete a user in dbt Cloud, you must be an account owner or have admin privileges. If the user has a `developer` license type, this will open up their seat for another user or allow the admins to lower the total number of seats. 
```

Reviewer 2: sugg:
- conciseness
- consistency. in your file change-user-license.md file, "developer" had code font around it (back ticks vs ticks)

Author: Same as the above, we wanted an intro statement. If we need to trim the excess in a similar way we can dope the lines about "seats" but going for a warmer intro

> This article outlines the steps for deleting a user in dbt Cloud. If the user has a 'developer' license-type, this will open up their seat for another user or allow the admins to lower the total number of billable seats. You must be an account owner/admin to perform these actions.

Author: ```suggestion
This article outlines the steps for deleting a user in dbt Cloud. If the user has a 'developer' license type, this will open up their seat for another user or allow the admins to lower the total number of seats. You must be an account owner or admin to perform these actions.
```

> 1. From  dbt cloud, click the gear icon and select **Account Settings**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. From dbt Cloud, click the gear icon at the top right and select **Account Settings**.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

> 2. In the left menu, click **Teams** and select **Users**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In **Account Settings**, select **Users** under **Teams**.
```

3. Select the user you want to delete, then click **Edit**. 

> 4. Click **Delete** in the bottom left, and click **Confirm Delete** to complete the action. The user will be deleted immediately after confirmation without additional password prompts. Once you delete a user, this action cannot be undone. However, you can re-invite a user with the same information if the deletion was made in error. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click **Delete** in the bottom left. Click **Confirm Delete** to immediately delete the user without additional password prompts. This action cannot be undone. However, you can re-invite the user with the same information if the deletion was made in error. 
```

Reviewer 2: sugg: conciseness

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/delete_user_20221023.gif" title="Delete users" />

Author: ```suggestion
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/delete_user_20221023.gif" title="Deleting a user" />
```

If you are on a **Teams** plan and you are deleting users to reduce the number of billable seats, you also need to take these steps to lower the license count:

> 1. In the Account Settings pane, click **Billing**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In **Account Settings**, select **Billing**. 
```

> 2. Type the number of developer seats you want and click **Save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Enter the number of developer seats you want and click **Save**.
```

Reviewer 2: sugg: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#text-fields
